Hi, my name is Sarah and welcome to HDRP
Lighting Fundamentals.
This course will teach you to create
advanced lighting in Unity using the High
Definition Render Pipeline.
We'll start by setting up an HDRP
project and configuring our pipeline assets
for features like screen space ambient
occlusion, volumetrics, and more through
volume profiles.
Next, we'll explore baked lighting
concepts, learning the differences between
baked, real -time, and mixed lighting
modes.
We'll also cover essentials like light
probes, adaptive probe volumes, and
reflection probes.
Finally, we'll master various light
types and shadows, implementing different
lighting setups and understanding
directional lights while enabling both real
-time and baked shadows.
By the end of this course, you'll have
the essential skills to use HDRP lighting
and create high -quality 3D environments
in Unity.